docs: remove multi-tenancy starting from 2023.1 (#2226)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/bonita-overview/pages/bonita-bpm-overview.adoc

Bonita Runtime is composed of one or more Bonita Server nodes installed on some hosts (physical machine, virtual machine, a cloud instance, a container like Docker, ...). A Bonita Runtime composed of multiple nodes constitutes a cluster. +

> Bonita provided mandatory and optional ressources in the Bonita Runtime:

Author: "resources" is the right term? I only see applications below
```suggestion
Bonita provides mandatory and optional resources in the Bonita Runtime:
```

Reviewer: "Ressources" is the future term that will be used. An application as a ressource that can be mandatory or optional. I may be changing things too early. But at least it will be done.
